one way that you can connect more deeply with your team members is getting
to know them, you know, on a personal level besides just professional.
So you know, if you know what kind of Moz them professionally,
that's great. You can help drive drive their career in that path.
But then, if you kind of know what they're into personally, that's
gonna allow you to build those kind of connections that will allow them
to open up to you when you communicate, build those kind of trust
relationships because you know about their family and their wife or
husband or significant other, their kids or their dog or where they
grew up, What they're even just their first name is how, when they
graduate high school, did they graduate high school, these different
kind of things I don't necessarily see that is intrusive leadership.
If you do it in the right way, you're not necessarily being intrusive.
You're just getting to know your people, which in turn is gonna
build communication and build trust